There are many beautiful fishes in this pond. Let's become their friends!!
There was once a pond which remained full of water throughout the year.
Many beautiful fishes lived there.
Amongst them, three fishes were very good friends.
However, their thinking was entirely different from each other.
The first fish was very wise.
She Said, "We should always think before doing anything."
The second fish was intelligent.
She Said " Whenever there is a problem, we should use our intelligence to find a solution.!"
The third fish believed in fate.
She said "Whatever is bound to happen will surely happen."
" It’s all a matter of luck.!"
One day, the wise fish heard two fishermen talking to each other.
Fisherman:  Oh! look here! There are so many big and fat fishes in the pond.
I will again come here tomorrow to catch them.
Hearing this, the wise fish to rushed to her friends.  She told them all that she had heard about the fishermen.
She said "We must leave this pond immediately and go to some other one."
The intelligent fish "No, no.  We must wait for the fisherman to come.  When they will come, then we will find out a way to escape."
The third fish:  "Oh, will you both please keep quiet?!  I have lived in this pond all my life.
Why should I leave it?! Whatever is destined to happen will surely happen. Why worry unnecessarily!!"
These words scared the wise fish. She decided to leave the pond that very moment.
The next morning, the fisherman came to the pond.  He threw his net into the water.
In a short while he caught many fishes. The two friends of the wise fish were also amongst them.
The intelligent fish quickly thought of a plan to save her life.  She lay still in the net as if she was dead.
The fisherman said " Oh! What is this? This fish looks dead.  What is the use of taking such a rotten fish?!"
So he removed the intelligent fish from the net and threw her back into the water.
She then jumped immediately and swam away.
Now the third fish, who believed in luck, began to jump up and down to free  herself from the net.
The fisherman saw her doing that so he pulled her from the net and threw her into his basket.
So, in this way, the first two fishes saved themselves, while the third one died.
Moral of this story:  "We should always think properly before doing anything so we can avoid problems."